OINKFS
======

Please see the wiki for a walkthrough on using OiNKFS.

Homepages for OiNKFS:
    https://github.com/xiansu/OiNKFS
    https://sourceforge.net/p/oinkfs

OiNKFS is written by Xian Su <xian.w.su@gmail.com> and licensed under GPLv3.

At the moment, OiNKFS is in its proof of concept stage. Things should work, but
I have not done any testing on it with large data sets yet. This is release:
   v0.1-proof_of_concept

Dependencies: python-2.6.5
              python-fuse-0.2
              librsync-0.9.7

OiNKFS is a project consisting of 2 parts, oinkfs and oinklink.

oinkfs is a filesystem run in usespace through FUSE. oinkfs will present a
filesystem that patches files that have corresponding patch files on the fly.

oinklink is a utility that will match music albums in FLAC format from two
sources, a preferred source that is appropriately retagged and renamed, and a
second source which is the original copy. oinklink will recreate the directory
structure of the original copies while linking to the preferred copy in a third
directory and creating patch files for them. When these files are opened through
oinkfs, they will be patched on the fly to recreate the original files.

That is all. On to the FAQ:

Q. So I'll be able to save 50% of my space if I previously had 2 copies of my
   music files on my hard drive?
A. Almost, or more. The patches should only add a negligible amount of space (in
   my test run, 18 matched albums with 187 flac files created less than 2 megs
   of patch files). There is also the matter of tmp files written by oinkfs,
   which should also be negligible compared to your library and can be flushed
   at anytime. That's the almost. The more is if you may have multiple copies of
   albums.

Q. Does this run in windows?
A. :)

Q. Your shit fucked up my shit and now all this shit is all fucked shit.
A. RAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWRAWR.

Q. I ran out of space and something something something or other...
A. Never run your filesystem out of space. If you do, don't expect anything.
   Don't expect any outcomes you read on google. Also, don't expect help.

Q. Thanks for the tough love about me being an idiot and running my filesystem
   out of space. It took me some time to get over how stupid I've been, but now
   I see that you are right. By the way, can I donate you any moneys?
A. Please do. I will make donations public (unless you want to be anon) in
   future versions of this README. Send donations to my email.

Q. Say, now that I've donated you some money and you're big time balling, would
   you consider releasing this under another license?
A. I have some numbers and conditions in mind. If they're ever met, I will
   release what I can into the public domain or under a BSD/MIT license. Still,
   I am always open to discussion about this.

Q. Besides money, what else are you looking for?
A. To speak to someone who has invites to E____ or P___'s.
